Remove known issue page + Add issues to specific pages (#418)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/dev/developer-guides/bridging/l1-l2.md

await executeTx.wait();
```

## Why does `wait()` get stuck for L1->L2 transactions?

> If the `wait()` function takes much longer than expected, most likely the transaction has failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `wait()` function takes a lot longer than expected, most likely the transaction has failed.
```

Reviewer: **much longer** is not quite correct, use "a lot"

Author: Already resolved.
